.TH SecState.conf 5 "October 29, 2012" "version 1.0" "SecState configuration file"
.SH NAME
.B SecState.conf
- Configuration file for 
.B SecState(8).
.SH DESCRIPTION
Secstate uses a configuration file at
.B /etc/SecState/SecState.conf.
.SH PARAMETERS
There are two types of sections in the SecState configuration file: SecState and logging. Secstate defines all global 
configuration options. There should only be one SecState option. The logging option specifies logging levels and where 
to log to. There should only be one logging option.
.SH [SecState] OPTIONS
.sp
The [SecState] section must exist for SecState to do anything. It consists of the following options:

.B  
    benchmark_dir
Directory to import XCCDF benchmarks to. The default is '/var/lib/SecState/benchmarks'.

.B
    oval_dir
Directory to import OVAL content to. The default is '/var/lib/SecState/oval'.

.B
    conf_dir
Directory to write XCCDF benchmark config files to. The default is '/var/lib/SecState/configs'.

.B
    oval_stylesheet
Location of OVAL xsl stylesheet for outputing html. The default is '/usr/share/SecState/transforms/results2html.xsl'.

.B
    xccdf_stylesheet=
Location of XCCDF xsl stylesheet for outputing html. The default is '/usr/share/SecState/transforms/results2html.xsl'.

.B
    stylesheet_media
Location of html media files such as css and jpgs. The default is '/usr/share/SecState/transforms/media'.
    
.B
    about_html
Location of SecState about file. The default is '/usr/share/SecState/transforms/html/about.html'.

.B
    help_html
Location of SecState help file. The default is '/usr/share/SecState/transforms/html/help.html'.

.SH [logging] OPTIONS
.sp
The [logging] section consists of the following options:

.B
    debugging
Specifies the level of debugging to use with SecState. If '0' or no value is provided, INFO level debugging is used.
If '1' is used, DEBUG level debugging is used. The default value is '0'.

.B
    logger
Specifies what logger to use with SecState. The default value is 'stderr'. Second option to use is 'syslog'.
If no logger is specified, logging goes to stderr/stdout.

.SH AUTHOR
Yulian Lev'ovich Khodorkovskiy <ykhodorkovskiy@tresys.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
SecState(8)
