.\" Manpage for aqueduct
.\" Contact shannon.mitchell@fusiontechnology-llc.com to correct errors or typos

.TH aqueduct 1 "08 April 2012" "1" "aqueduct man page"


.SH NAME

aqueduct - configures either OS or software targets to security guidelines from various governing authorities. 

.SH SYNOPSIS

aqueduct [--config configfile] --governing-auth auth --target target --language language { --profile profile | --checkid id }

.SH COPYRIGHT

GPLv2

.SH DESCRIPTION

aqueduct provides a simple command line tool for bringing your system into government compliance.  When executed it does the following:

 1.  Finds the AQPROFILE_BASE from either an environment variable or the /etc/aqueduct/aqueduct.conf config file.   This is where the compliance profile directory structure is located.  The default AQPROFILE_BASE is /etc/aqueduct/profiles.

2. Finds the AQSCRIPT_BASE from either an environment variable or the /etc/aqueduct/aqueduct.conf config file.  This is where the compliance script/module directory structure is located. The default AQSCRIPT_BASE is /usr/libexec/aqueduct.

3. Finds what scripts to execute based on the governing-auth, target and profile.  The profile is optional and is set to “default” if none is defined.   It finds what scripts to execute by looking on the $AQPROFILE_BASE/<governing-auth>/<target>/<profile>.profile.  If it finds an ‘include all’ then all scripts are run except for those defined with ‘exclude <checkid>’ lines.  If it finds an ‘exclude all’ then only scripts defined with an ‘include <checkid>’ lines are run.

4.  If the ‘Bash’ language is used then scripts are run in the following location /usr/libexec/aqueduct/<governing-auth>/<targetname>/scripts/<checkid>.sh.  If ‘Puppet’ language is used then puppet modules for that script are run under /usr/libexec/aqueduct/<governing-auth>/<targetname>/modules/<checkid>.



.SH OPTIONS


.BR --governing-auth 

	DISA | PCI | NISPOM | DHS-B | DHS-E | SSG

.BR --target
 
	DISA Targets: rhel-5-beta | rhel-5 | firefox

	CIS Targets: rhel5 .BR

	DHS Targets: rhel6

	HIPPA Targets: <none>

	NISPOM Targets: rhel6

	PCI Targets: rhel6

	SSG Targets: rhel6

.BR --language

	Bash | Puppet 

.BR --profile 

	The profile is simple text file with a .profile suffix that has 2 keys(include or exclude) followed by a value.  The value can either be the check id or the keywork “all”.  One key and only one must have the value “all”.   For the other key you can have a list of included/excluded check ids one per line:

profile content example : 

.BR include\ all

.BR exclude\ GEN001120

.BR exclude\ GEN005960

The second key is optional, but you must have at lease one with the value of “all”.  If no profile is defined the value of “default” will be used.

.BR --checkid

	The ID of an individual check.  



.SH FILES

.BR /etc/aqueduct/aqueduct.conf

This is the main aqueduct config script.

.BR /etc/aqueduct/profiles/<governing-auth>/<targetname>/<profilename>.prof

The /etc/aqueduct/profiles/<targetname> contains the various profiles for use by
aqueduct.  The <targetname> directory contains all of the profiles for a given 
target.  Each target should contain at least one file called default.profile.

.BR /usr/libexec/aqueduct/<governing-auth>/<targetname>/scripts

Location of compliance scripts for the ‘Bash’ language type.  Each check has a file with the name of the check id ending in the .sh suffix.

.BR /usr/libexec/aqueduct/<governing-auth>/<targetname>/modules

Location of the puppet modules for the ‘Puppet’ language type.

.BR /usr/libexec/aqueduct/<governing-auth>/<targetname>/manual

Location for id files relating to the target that contain information on how to do the manual check. 

.SH BUGS

Currently doesn't support puppet content, but its planned shortly. 

.SH AUTHOR

Shannon Mitchell (shannon.mitchell@fusiontechnology-llc.com)
